zh-tw: fix flaws part 2 (#15697)
mdn/translated-content: files/zh-tw/web/tutorials/index.md

  - : A series of books diving deep into the core mechanisms of the JavaScript language.
- **[JavaScript Garden](http://bonsaiden.github.com/JavaScript-Garden/)**
  - : Documentation of the most quirky parts of JavaScript.
- **[Exploring ES6](https://exploringjs.com/es6/) (Dr. Axel Rauschmayer)**
  - : Reliable and in-depth information on ECMAScript 2015.
- **[Javascipt Patterns](http://shichuan.github.io/javascript-patterns)**
  - : A JavaScript pattern and antipattern collection that covers function patterns, jQuery patterns, jQuery plugin patterns, design patterns, general patterns, literals and constructor patterns, object creation patterns, code reuse patterns, DOM.
- **[How browsers work](https://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/internals/howbrowserswork/)**
  - : A detailed research article describing different modern browsers, their engines, page rendering etc.
- [JavaScript Videos](https://github.com/bolshchikov/js-must-watch) (GitHub)
  - : A collection of JavaScript videos to watch.

### Extension Development

- [WebExtensions](/zh-TW/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions)

>   - : WebExtensions is a cross-browser system for developing browser add-ons. To a large extent the system is compatible with the [extension API](https://developer.chrome.com/extensions) supported by Google Chrome and Opera. Extensions written for these browsers will in most cases run in Firefox or [Microsoft Edge](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/platform/documentation/extensions/) with [just a few changes](https://extensionworkshop.com/documentation/develop/porting-a-google-chrome-extension/). The API is also fully compatible with [multiprocess Firefox](/zh-TW/docs/Mozilla/Firefox/Multiprocess_Firefox).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : WebExtensions is a cross-browser system for developing browser add-ons. To a large extent the system is compatible with the [extension API](https://developer.chrome.com/extensions) supported by Google Chrome and Opera. Extensions written for these browsers will in most cases run in Firefox or [Microsoft Edge](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/platform/documentation/extensions/) with [just a few changes](https://extensionworkshop.com/documentation/develop/porting-a-google-chrome-extension/). The API is also fully compatible with [multiprocess Firefox](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Firefox/multiprocess).
```
